# general visualisation
library('ggplot2') # visualisation
library('scales') # visualisation
library('grid') # visualisation
library('gridExtra') # visualisation
library('RColorBrewer') # visualisation
library('corrplot') # visualisation

# general data manipulation
library('dplyr') # data manipulation
library('readr') # input/output
library('data.table') # data manipulation
library('tibble') # data wrangling
library('tidyr') # data wrangling
library('stringr') # string manipulation
library('forcats') # factor manipulation

# specific visualisation
library('alluvial') # visualisation
library('ggrepel') # visualisation
library('ggforce') # visualisation
library('ggridges') # visualisation
library('gganimate') # animations
# specific data manipulation
library('lazyeval') # data wrangling
library('broom') # data wrangling
library('purrr') # string manipulation
library('reshape2') # data wrangling

# Maps / geospatial
library('geosphere') # geospatial locations
library('leaflet') # maps
library('leaflet.extras') # maps
library('maps') # maps

# Date plus forecast
library('lubridate') # date and time
library('timeDate') # date and time
library('tseries') # time series analysis
library('forecast') # time series analysis
library('prophet') # time series analysis
library('timetk') # time series analysis

# Text / NLP
library('tidytext') # text analysis
library('tm') # text analysis
library('SnowballC') # text analysis
library('topicmodels') # text analysis
library('wordcloud') # test visualisation
library('igraph') # visualisation
library('ggraph') # visualisation


library('treemapify')